#summary Overview of the design of DopeWars2

= DopeWars2 Design =

This describes the general design of the DopeWars2 Android Application.

= Major Components =

There are two major components to the application, one based on the phone, one based on the web. The phone-based part is an Android application that runs the actual game and accepts user input. This component communicates with the web-based part, which keeps track of the limited cross-user interactions, and of course the high scores.

= Android Application =

The android application has two major screen types that the user will interact with. First is the Main Menu screen, which displays the game type and configuration options to the user. Second is the game input screen. The game input screen will change dramatically during the game but the basic concept of the game input screen is that it will be presented as an iPhone-like button menu at each location.

A third category of screens shows to the user will be dialogs describing the results of various actions, inventory, and statistics.

== Main Menu ==

The Main Menu screen will provide two sliders, to control Game Length and Game Type. The Game Length will include at least 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, and infinite. The Game Type will include at least "No add'l loans", "Loan limited by max cash", and "Unlimited loan".

The Main Menu must also provide options to disable network access.

Every game configuration should potentially have a saved game to continue. There must be a way to choose to continue a saved game or abandon the saved game and start a new one.

== Game Input ==

The game input screen will be a scrollable area that is dynamically filled with standard sized buttons (as many as are necessary for that game situation) from top to bottom, left to right. Possible button types and descriptions are:

* Buy/sell a drug button - Interactions with this button will allow for buying and selling that type of drug from/to the inventory. The button must display an image related to the drug, the drug's name, and the current price of the drug. Some kind of indication of what actions are available based on cash and inventory is also required.

* Buy a new coat button - If a new coat is available its name and price should be displayed. A click on the coat should buy it and the button will disappear.

* Buy a new gun button - If a new gun is available its name and price should be displayed. A click on the gun should buy it and the button will disappear.

* Move to a new location button - A button that, when pressed, will allow for moving between locations, which will decrease the number of available turns by one and reset the set of drugs available.

* Bank button - A button that allows for depositing and withdrawing money from the bank, when available.

* Loan shark button - A button that allows for getting more loans and/or paying off loans when available.

* Inventory button - A button that displays the current user inventory and maybe statistics.

* Fight button - A button that will choose to fight when cops are after you.

* Run button - A button that will try to run when the cops are after you.

* Lead cop button - This is a non-interactive button that just shows which lead cop is after you.

* Deputies button - This is a non-interactive button that just shows how many deputy cops are after you.