#summary To do list for initial development.

= Functional things =

  * end of game
  * customization
  * score reporting
  * resume in-progress game

== End of game ==

On the last page just put an 'end game' button that will enact all the score reporting features and head back to the main menu.

== Customization ==

Could parse xml or I could require that it be presented in the serialized format for the game information. One of the keys for customization is have a game key. The game key will have to be a public/private pair. The game key is used to encrypt score reports to the scoring server, which decrypts the score report.

This also includes the mechanism by which custom game parameters are loaded from within the game.

== Score reporting ==

The score reporting server to start could just do mostly what the existing server does, just maintain a global score list by game type. Ultimately the goal is to include things like a "dealer of the day" and other superlatives, in addition to more of the custom messages that exist now.

== Resume in-progress game ==

This shouldn't be that hard, but will probably require an additional parameter with the game info about what style of game it is, and then just modify the title on the main screen to be Resume if that's available with like (hold for a new game) appended to the end.

= Visual things =

  * inventory screen
  * progress bar display
  * graphics
  * orientation swapping
  * center all the buttons
  * split the messages into fight & drug messages
  * make the messages disappear when they're tapped
  * make the messages more pop-up-video instead of the stack at the bottom
  * scrollable container for buttons
  * customizable ui, like text/image sizes (thinking about other phones)

== Inventory screen ==

Probably will go through a lot of tweaks but for a first pass, I'm thinking a tabular list of drugs and quantities, same list in a different color for guns and quantities, then the space left and overall space, cash on hand, cash in bank, and amount owed.

== Progress bar display ==

Just a bug, can't figure out how to make it resize itself to the maximum before display, just need some good old fashioned UI hackery.

== Scrollable container for buttons ==

In widescreen mode, or on other phones, the buttons might not all fit, so the container should be scrollable somehow to accommodate that.

== Orientation swapping ==

Almost works, but needs to refresh the display.

= Code =

  * subfunctionize the makebutton code more
  * comments a-plenty